Update common-servo.rst for digital servos (#4887)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-servo.rst

or `digital servos <https://www.amazon.com/Hitec-RCD-35076S-HS-A5076HB-Digital/dp/B003RXHMNK>`__
may be used.

Connecting the servo to an AutoPilot
====================================

.. image:: ../../../images/Servo_Pixhawk.jpg
    :target: ../_images/Servo_Pixhawk.jpg

-  If using Copter Connect the servo to AUX OUT 1, 2, 3 or 4.  MAIN OUT
   1 ~ 8 should be avoided because these update at 400hz.

> -  If using Plane or Rover where all pins update at ``SERVO_RATE`` which defaults to 50hz, any unused

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  If using Plane or Rover where all PWMN outputs update at :ref:`SERVO_RATE<SERVO_RATE>`, which defaults to 50hz, any unused
```
